you think you can fix me gene you are
not broken the pile is a fragile thing
takes only the slightest tap to tip it
in the wrong direction
Charles what did you do I had to keep a
stable I protected her from the truth
there's another word for them I came
looking for answers you feel like you
don't belong here
you don't they can't begin to comprehend
what you are she's changing at what you
didn't come here looking for answers you
came here looking for permission Jude
she's arranged pain missile coming out
of us
Jane lost control if she still our
friend this is your fault Charles the
world is on the brink I'm sorry I didn't
stop it Sumer you're always sorry
Charles and there's always a speech and
nobody cares there still
don't do this
[Applause]
they're right to fear me
I've seen Hegel
I'm looking at it now
[Applause]
[Music]